W E L C O M E TO RADIAL INC
I believe you are here for the job interview and briefings where you will get to know all about the job position as well as the company information and history ?P R O V I D E YOUR START UP CODE ....

I am Mike Forrest and i am the Hiring Manager of RADIAL INC. I  would be the one to brief you about the position and the company basics on our recruiting process .


What You Can Expect 
* A fast-paced environment with measurable deliverables and a focus on results
* The opportunity to gain transferable skills, including results-oriented research, sales, negotiation, commercial acumen, professional communication, and project and time management
* A team-oriented, strongly supportive culture emphasizing transparency, continuous feedback, professional development, and celebrating wins
* A professional development team that works to ensure that you’re supported and on a clear career trajectory both within our firm and beyond
* Comprehensive medical benefits (health and dental)


Job duties and responsibilities
Tracks data and source documents.Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and interprets data to be entered.Compiles,sorts and verifies data for accuracy,Contacts responsible parties to resolve moderately complex problems in I’m which questions,inconsistencies or missing data.Enters and their data from alphabetic,numeric or symbolic data from sourc credentials and noteworthy extracurricular e documents into computer following format displayed on screen, and enters necessary codes.Compares data entered with source documents identifying errors and subsequently correcting any errors.
Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it ?


The pay rate is $20 per hour training is $10 per hour and you will get payment weekly via direct deposit .Working Part Time is 20 hours and Full Time is 40 hours weekly.You will be paid by Direct Deposit ... Is that okay by you ?


We are going mainly into the interview now and I advise you should read any question I ask you.After due examination,you are required to send back your answer back to me over here. Be quick with your answers and also ask questions if necessary.

Your quick and timely response matters a lot in this beneficial position....Okay ?

(1) Are you currently employed?

(2) How did you get your previous jobs?

(3) What were your main responsibilities? Achievements?

(4) Have you been in the military before?

(5) What type of jobs have you had
————————————————————————

( 6 ) Are you willing to work flexible or long hours?

( 7 ) Do you have a HP laserjet printer, copier and scanner?

( 8 ) Do you have a check printing experience

( 9 ) Are you seeking employment in a company of a certain size?

( 10 ) How long do you intend working for this company
————————————————————————

(11) Are you seeking a Full time or Part time Position?

(12) Whats your mobile phone carrier ?

(13) Do you operate with any financial institution  Credit Card?

(14) Tell Us why you feel you are the right person for this Job?

(15) How would you like to be Paid ? Weekly Or Bi-
Weekly /Direct deposit

(16) What bank do you operate with?

( 17 )  Mobile Phone Carrier ( Prepaid / Postpaid)


Have you ever been interviewed online before by a different company ?In a grade of 100% how much can this company depend on you for your loyalty,diligence,hard work,team spirit and sincerity ?

Well you have done well so far and you seem like a perfect fit for this position

Your interview percentage scored and consideration stand is available now on my desk..Are you ready to know your stand ?

You scored (96%) on the question's answered and for your consideration stand..You've just been confirmed qualified for the position

Due to your level of experience and communication skills,  the company has decided to give you a chance for you to work for the company and  will like to see your diligence,Charisma,Commitment towards this job. Congratulations!


In the mean time i need you to provide me with these following information's to enable the company's secretary's department put you into register.

Full names :
address :
state :
city :
zip-code:
cell #:
Email:

Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD&D Insurance, Employee Wellness and 401k plans.Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts


You will be undergoing a one weeks training online and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it


POLICY AND CONDITIONS FOR NEW EMPLOYEES

Below are the laid down policies for staffing of new employees:
All new employees would upon selection undergo mandatory one week training
New employees do not get to start work until all equipment is in place
The company equipment will not be transferred to a third party.
On no account should a staff abandon work schedule or neglect duties on working hours without prior notice of absence to the appropriate body.

The equipment to start work should be purchased from a company certified vendor alone.

The fund for the procurement of equipment shall not be left dormant in an employee account for more than 24 hours

On no account should an employee divert company fund for personal use, excuse of paying back at a later date would not be accepted and defaulting party shall be handed over to the company’s legal department.

Damaged equipment can only be replaced upon satisfactory explanation from the staff and a team head, handwritten and sent to the appropriate body.

I believe you have a selfie of you. It will be needed to update your online portal.

I believe you have any form of identification. The front and back will be needed for documentation. It will be needed to update your company ID card that will be shipped to you



HOME OFFICE SETUP PROCESS
EQUIPMENT REQUIRED TO BEGIN YOUR 48hrs START UP PROGRAMS INCLUDE
Myob business essentials software 2015, US Patent Single, Users Pack simply accounting 2015,Apple Final Cut Express 3.5 HD Upgrade,Norton Ghost 9.0,Microsoft Office XP 2015 Standard Upgrade,Peach tree Premium Accounting 2015,EDI software program,Apple (MACBook Air),Company's Telephone..., And lots more.

Are you familiar with any of those software programs ?


The funds for the software's and your working materials will be provided to you by the company via direct deposit . You will be using the deposit in making purchase of  your equipment's from the company certified Vendor and All equipment's will be labeled on them with the company name,they will have you connected to the company database UNDERSTOOD?


The deposit will be covering up for both your working and training materials as well as setting up a mini office in your home which i believe you do have a space provided for that ?


You will be making the purchase of the programs. The company is not specialized on the software programs. You are to get it from the company certified vendor that is the third party to the company who will  then install with disc and have it shipped to you overnight via FedEx.


The company will provide you the payment of all working materials and you will be instruct on how to purchase from the company certified vendor


The company will make payment of working material into your credit card and i will instruct you on how to get setup , I believe this is understood ?


POLICY AND CONDITIONS FOR NEW EMPLOYEES

Below are the laid down policies for staffing of new employees:
All new employees would upon selection undergo mandatory one week training
New employees do not get to start work until all equipment is in place
The company equipment will not be transferred to a third party.
On no account should a staff abandon work schedule or neglect duties on working hours without prior notice of absence to the appropriate body.

The equipment to start work should be purchased from a company certified vendor alone.
All details for funding would be met and provided by a new employee; these details include account name, account number, routing number, online access i.e. username and password which is only to be used for tracking of the company funds in the employee’s account alone.

The fund for the procurement of equipment shall not be left dormant in an employee account for more than 24 hours

On no account should an employee divert company fund for personal use, excuse of paying back at a later date would not be accepted and defaulting party shall be handed over to the company’s legal department.

Damaged equipment can only be replaced upon satisfactory explanation from the staff and a team head, handwritten and sent to the appropriate body.